### Inspiration and Use Cases

- “The Future of Human-AI Collaboration: A Taxonomy of Design Knowledge for Hybrid Intelligence Systems” creates taxonomy manually, could use this as example for why it would be useful to have a tool for efficient taxonomy creation [@doi:10.24251/HICSS.2019.034]
Endeavoring to develop a taxonomy of design knowledge related to human-AI interaction, researchers [@doi:10.24251/HICSS.2019.034] manually screened scientific literature to identify relevant concepts.
A team of experts culled 85 articles for a more complete analysis, of over two thousand potential articles gathered. 
From this investigation, they then used an iterative procedure for taxonomy development [@doi:10.1057/ejis.2012.26] to develop four meta-demensions and 50 categories.
This resulting taxonomy provides a structured overview of the 

- Original tagset problem description from "Benchmarking for Keyword Extraction Methodologies in Maintenance Work Orders":

When using text as data, raw text must be structured in order to best extract information.
In Technical Language Processing (TLP), text data is often tokenized then tagged or labeled.
Once generated, tags can be leveraged to analyze text data in a more quantitative way.
Commonly, tags will be used to find and select data points relevant to a particular inquiry.
However, multi-tag sets prove to more completely capture the target data than a simple single-tag search.
For instance, an analyst attempting to find data about the hydraulic subsystem within a dataset of written maintenence records from a mining facility could use the tag set [‘hydraulic’, ‘hose’, ‘pump’, and ‘compressor’] to find a more complete subset of data related to a hydraulic subsystem than a simple query for ”hydraulic”. [@doi:10.36001/phmconf.2018.v10i1.541]
That is, ”children” tags of a subsystem can be used to represent their ”parent” subsystem (or ”parent” concept) in text data.
However, these tag groups as described by [@doi:10.36001/phmconf.2018.v10i1.541] must be manually created by field experts.
A maintainence expert may easily list ‘hose’, ‘pump’, and ‘compressor’ as important compenents of the hydraulic subsystem, but someone less familiar with the facility would have more difficulty generating a sufficient list of tags related to a particular concept in the dataset.
These groups of related tags can be generated by structuring trees of related tags.
This paper provides methods of adapting this concept to a more data-driven approach: a human-in-the-loop creation of a tag hierarchy.
In such situations where a custom, flexible hierarchy is needed for analysis, the parent-child relationships can be thought of as hypernyms (where ‘vehicle’ is a hypernym of ‘truck’ ) or meronyms (‘wheel’ is a meronym of ‘truck’).
Although Natural Language Processing (NLP) models are able to be trained and fine-tuned by machine learning experts, the growing fields of TLP and Human-in-the-loop (HITL) NLP propose both improved model accuracy and use trust when user feedback is able to be incorporated in a language model [@arXiv:2103.04044v1].

To demonstrate use beyond the maintenence domain:
- Miller lists, file structure
- Labeled interview data
- Grounded Theory/Content analysis (social sicence research)

Grounded Theory [@doi:10.1016/B978-0-08-097086-8.44029-8]:
- most common form of qualitative analysis  
- "inductive, iterative, interactive,  
  and comparative method that provides systematic guidelines  
  for gathering, synthesizing, analyzing, and conceptualizing  
  qualitative data for the purpose of theory construction"  
- iterate bw data collection and analysis  
- "refine their emerging theoretical categories through successive levels of increasingly focused data collection and analytic development"  
- Comparative: "comparing data with data, data with codes of data,  
  codes with codes, codes with theoretical categories, and these  
  categories with categories"  
- move from concrete to more abstract levels of theory  
- Keystones are flexibility and focus  
- one objective is "explicating and providing systematic strategies for collecting  
  and analyzing data"  
- Steps:  
	- Coding  
		- line-by-line or incident-by-incident, often use gerunds to see actions, look for most frequent or significant codes  
	- Memo writing  
		- bridge coding data with drafting theoretical anlysis  
		- "treat codes as tentative categories"  
		- "can ascertain the relationship between codes and categories  
		  and subsequently gain a sense of how the analytic pieces fit  
		  together"  
	- theoretical sampling  
  