## Proof-of-concept application

Our application demonstrates the workflow with a front-end for tree editing.
The updated data is then passed around in JSON format.
Our application's back-end handles modeling and hierarchy suggestion (and/or) term ranking.
The primary data structures of the back-end are adjacency matrices.


- Panel for visuals

- Discussion of challenges getting data "back into" model:
    - No options to retrieve data from Panel after being edited, except to export it. User can customize interface parameters but not data.

Brainstormed things to try, revisit this section once we make progress on the code:
- Use Panel as view-only of underlying data object
- Do everything functionally (React or ELM architecture)
- Create data object (e.g. wrapper class with input dataframes, output Panel object. Panel will callback to new instance of object once edited)
- Param → to make custom class
- Pydantic → gets JSON schema


 ## Workflow 
 
 The workflow of our application starts with the data, which is basically Maintenance Work Order that looks like this : 
 
| Start Date  | Asset | Short Text | Cost |
| ----------- | ----------- |----------- | ----------- |
| 7/1/04 | A | Bucket won't open | 183.05|
| 3/20/05 | B | Swap bucket | |
| 5/5/06 | C | fit bucket tooth | 0 |
| 7/11/06 | A | replace lip | 681.1 |
|...|...|...|...|

We import this dataset into nestor application to get a list of tokens ranked by tf-idf. From this exported list, we can then create our application.

### Data processing

From the list of tokens ranked by tf-idf, we will implement a data model to represent the adjacency matrices and send those objects othe user interface to create a tree visualization of the data. We aim to use Panel for the data modeling and processing as it can also be used to provide a user interface but we  might reconsider later if we encounter some roadblocks

We still to think about how to make suggestions about the hierarchy. 

### User interface

To involve a human in the loop, we will develop a tree editing interface in which users will be able to perform any assimiliation/accommodation they want. 

**Assimilations** : 
- adding a node


**Accommodations** :
- editing a node 
- editing an edge 


### End Goal
The end goal of this workflow is that the taxonomy is fully established when there is no accommodations left (which is an ideal) from both human interaction and computer recommandations. 
